[docs][cloud] Private service endpoint (#16560)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-connect/connect-applications.md

#### VPC network

> If your cluster is deployed in a VPC, deploy your application in a VPC that is [peered](../../cloud-basics/cloud-vpcs/cloud-add-peering/) or [linked](../../cloud-basics/cloud-vpcs/cloud-add-endpoint/) with your cluster's VPC. Peered application VPC also need to be added to the cluster IP allow list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster is deployed in a VPC, deploy your application in a VPC that is [peered](../../cloud-basics/cloud-vpcs/cloud-add-peering/) or [linked](../../cloud-basics/cloud-vpcs/cloud-add-endpoint/) with your cluster's VPC. Peered application VPC also needs to be added to the cluster IP allow list.
```

1. Click **Connect to your Application**.
1. Click **Download CA Cert** and install the cluster certificate on the computer running the application.
1. Choose the API used by your application, **YSQL** or **YCQL**, to display the corresponding connection parameters.

> 1. If your cluster is deployed in a VPC, choose **Private Address** if your application is in a peered VPC. Choose **Private Service Endpoint** if your application is in a linked VPC. Otherwise, choose Public Address (only available if you have enabled [Public Access](#vpc-network); not recommended for production).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If your cluster is deployed in a VPC, choose **Private Address** if your application is in a peered VPC. Choose **Private Service Endpoint** if your application is in a linked VPC. Otherwise, choose Public Address (only available if you have enabled [Public Access](../../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-secure-clusters/add-connections/#enabling-public-access); not recommended for production).
```
